docs(weave): add VERL integration guide (#2631)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/integrations/verl.mdx

Use Weave with VERL to:

- Inspect each rollout trajectory step-by-step, including prompts, model responses, and tool invocations.
- Filter trajectories by step, sample index, rollout number, and experiment name.
- Compare multiple trajectories side-by-side to debug agent behavior across training steps.

## Prerequisites

- A W&B account and [API key](/platform/app/settings-page/user-settings#api-keys).
- A VERL installation that supports rollout tracing. Rollout tracing was added in [verl#2345](https://github.com/volcengine/verl/pull/2345).
- An async rollout configuration. Tracing only applies to asynchronous rollouts; synchronous rollouts are not traced.

## Enable Weave tracing

Set your W&B API key in the environment so VERL can authenticate with your W&B account:

```bash
export WANDB_API_KEY=[YOUR-WANDB-API-KEY]
```

Then add the following flags to your VERL training command: 

- `actor_rollout_ref.rollout.trace.backend=weave`: Selects Weave as the trace backend.
- `actor_rollout_ref.rollout.mode=async`: Enables async rollout for vLLM or SGLang. Tracing has no effect on synchronous rollouts.

> - `trainer.project_name`: The project you want to log traces and metrics to. 

Reviewer: Since project name and exp name are different and don't have settings assigned, i feel it would help highlight that  by altering the description from the others like "Set to the project you want ...." and "Set to the name of your experiment."

Author: Great call out!

- `trainer.experiment_name`: The name of your experiment.

> - `trainer.logger=['console','wandb']`: enables the wandb logger alongside Weave so metrics and traces appear in the same project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `trainer.logger=['console','wandb']`: Enables the wandb logger alongside Weave so metrics and traces appear in the same project.
```

The resulting command looks like this:

```bash
python -m verl.trainer.main_ppo \
  actor_rollout_ref.rollout.trace.backend=weave \
  actor_rollout_ref.rollout.mode=async \
  trainer.project_name=[YOUR-PROJECT-NAME] \
  trainer.experiment_name=[YOUR-EXPERIMENT-NAME] \
  trainer.logger=['console','wandb'] \
  # ... your other training flags
```

Weave is initialized automatically from your W&B project and experiment name. You do not need to call `weave.init()`.

## Tune trace volume

By default, VERL traces every sample in every rollout, which can produce very large amounts of trace data. You can limit the volume by setting the following fields in your `ppo_trainer.yaml` configuration file:

> - `max_samples_per_step_per_worker`: The number of unique samples workers trace per training step.  Set to `null` (default) to trace all samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `max_samples_per_step_per_worker`: The number of unique samples workers trace per training step.  Defaults to `null` to trace all samples.
```
